[sycl][cuda][hip] Expose const addrsp via device_global<T, decltype(properties{device_constant})> (#16001)
intel/llvm: sycl/doc/extensions/experimental/sycl_ext_oneapi_device_global.asciidoc

_T_ is restricted to types that have a trivial destructor. _PropertyListT_ enables properties to be associated with a `device_global`.

[NOTE]
====
If _T_ is `const` then implementations may choose to allocate the `device_global` in a dedicated constant address space as an optimization. When using the {dpcpp} compiler with the CUDA or HIP backend, declaring a `device_global<const T>` is equivalent to declaring a `$$__constant__$$` variable.

> ====

Reviewer: This doesn't seem like it corresponds to what is implemented. It _could_ be done in tandem by making all conditional behavior dependent on the new property dependent on the disjunction of that and `std::is_const_v<T>`. That said, if that is the case we also need to document how that affects the members of the `device_global` class.

Author: I haven't finalised the implementation yet (I'm just testing the draft requested changes atm), so I haven't updated the documentation which you are right is completely out of date. I described this here: https://github.com/intel/llvm/pull/16001#discussion_r1879841363

Reviewer 2: Can you mention me with a comment like "spec ready for review" when it is ready?

Author: > Can you mention me with a comment like "spec ready for review" when it is ready?

Sure, no problem.

> [NOTE]
> ====
> If _T_ is prepended `const` then in the cuda and hip backends the compiler will use the constant address space for the `device_global` instead of the global address space. This allows for optimizations such as using the Nvidia constant cache, and is equivalent to usage of `$$__constant__$$` in the CUDA and HIP native programming languages.
> ====

Reviewer 3: I think this should be reworded slightly to align with some of the other non-normative notes: it's useful to separate what the specification allows from specific behavior of DPC++.

So, maybe we could say something like:

```suggestion
[NOTE]
====
If _T_ is `const` then implementations may choose to allocate the `device_global` in a dedicated constant address space as an optimization. When using the {dpcpp} compiler with the CUDA or HIP backend, declaring a `device_global<const T>` is equivalent to declaring a `$$__constant__$$` variable.
====
```
